Mottola found like this CD just lying in
the locker on the floor there yeah and
it's these files man uncomfortable with
us I was just lying there you should put
up an out in the ladies locker room put
up a note hello
did anybody lose their secret CIA [ __ ] I
don't think so this is some senior guy
who screwed the pooch this could put
anything in my surgeries big time I have
gone just about as far as I can go with
this body right
Osborne Cox yes I thought you might be
worried about the security of your [ __ ]
what you're engaged in is blackmail
I'm a mere Good Samaritan give me the
CDs usar lost the money dickwad where's
the money he didn't give it to me
who's follow it's messy he is screwing
mrs. Cox pull around the corner will do
in the back seat coolest back of the
card not the rear entry situation that's
just a taste
PC autumn neck ah the Russians why'd
they go to the Russians II can be a spy
too madam you don't really know what
anyone is after report back to me when
Colonel one it makes sense
[Music]
hey who are you
we'll interface with the FBI on this
dead body no no God no burn the body
okay
[Music]
you